20 DECEMBER
pressure changes, and too many air strikes on Hirata
college urban mortars
so the pu Feelers
Our main force is the Japanese Army, and the attack formation is in full swing.
The attack formation is in full swing, and the left and right forces are beginning to move.
Meanwhile, the Japanese Army's forces are moving to the left and right.
Our main force is the Japanese Army, and the enemy is attacking us.
The enemy's airships are being deployed, as the enemy's enemy is thought to have a lot of air space.
There is no chance of a counterattack or a counterattack.
Meanwhile future society needs time to think for what their video game plans are for.
Our main force is the Japanese Army, and the enemy is attacking us.
The enemy's airships are being deployed, as the enemy's enemy is thought to have a lot of air space.
There is no chance of a counterattack.
The supply of fire is on the ground, and the enemy just won't have time for itself.
We will arrive at the base. We will look at the falling aircraft.
We will also look at the sky.
About 10 minutes of combat, about 10 minutes of combat, but it will be a never-ending battle.
At some point, the sky will be gathered in two or three aircraft, or ten aircraft.
Following the so-called pervert flight, we went around the ground and started to move.
The battle of the mountain was only 15 minutes, only 15 minutes.
The soldiers of the ground force applauded without thinking of us.
The sky was overflowing with support, and the voices of the pervert were heard on the battlefield.
The ground force, which was in a state of emergency, broke the enemy on the front and took the air.
I think that the fact that the base was cleared of the enemy's attack was already a good start.
Thank you for watching.